Cousin, don't put a shit basin on my head
I'm your boss
What can you get in my way?
It's okay, get out
Don't affect my office
Director Guy, I haven't said anything yet
Just say I put shit on your head
Do you feel guilty?
I understand what's going on
Lawyer Tang, I support you
I said why do you keep getting me to change other lawyers?
You are the leader, right?
Okay, I'll put it out there today
I'm not looking for anyone but Lawyer Tang on this case
Why are you acting like your mother-in-law?
It's not that the family doesn't go into the same business
Who do you like to find?
We have no shortage of you in Kinmen.
What did the boss say today?
The owner must have forgotten
He said we lawyers must be compassionate
Heart of Wisdom
Where has your kindness and wisdom gone?
Usually the clients come to us because they are cornered
That's how perfunctory you are to drive people away
Lawyer Tang, I love listening to you.
It's so busy
What are you doing here?
Come to announce the good news
Are you angry with me on purpose?
I'm almost a matryoshka doll
You still came to announce the good news to me
cut
Don't talk nonsense, don't say it, don't say it, you forgot
What's that?
You're about to get off work.
I think you should treat me to dinner
Excuse me?
Lawyer Tang has an appointment today